# Foreword
Since anti-censorship became a global fight, the call of passable English onboard has been louder and louder. However as of 2023, most of the resources in the anti-censorship community is exclusive to Chinese speakers. On top of this, over half of the Chinese-speaking communities aren't that friendly to non-Chinese speakers, with some outright being hostile, treating themselves as superior to anyone else.

So we set out fully intending to fix this. The language barrier must be broken, and foundations of a more accomodating community must be built. As one of our measures towards establishing a better community, we at Team Cloudchaser seek to provide a passable guide better than what're currently offered. For everyone who want to help themselves or others, we intend to...

* Explain the ABCs of encapsulated proxies.
* Give basic examples on configurations.
* Cover what's needed to deploy EPs to the wild.

We intend to make the guide as easy-to-understand as possible, hence the name "EPs for Foals".

Before you go through this guide however, a point must be made crystal-clear: this is *not* for those who possess a commercial drive. All things considered, profitting off others lack of freedom is a dirty crime. If you are just setting an EP cluster up for yourself, or for those you trust, then we're happy we can be of help. Otherwise, we politely suggest you look elsewhere, as we will *never* cover anything in a commercialized scene.

Money grabbers aren't the only ones this guide isn't for. There exist a group dubbed "VPN bros", who advocates the use of VPNs everywhere, while associating privacy and censorship circumvention with them. If you are one of the VPN bros, why are you even here? Shouldn't VPNs already satisfied you enough?

There also exists a type of lunatics firmly believing the state-backed censorship is benefitial to themselves. If you belong to this group of lunatics, why not return to the comfort of a censored network? After all, you don't deserve the freedom other seekers of liberty have granted you.

So, are you ready, fellow creature? /)